Previously on "Once Upon a Time"...
Robin...
Regina: Robin of Locksley,
I'd like to officially
welcome you to Storybrooke.
A twin brother?
And you gave him to that man?
This was my father's coin.
I need to know if his death
was really an accident.
My father, he had been stabbed.
And he wasn't drunk.
That means his killer
could still be out there.
[Thunder crashes]
[Baby crying]
Young mother: Well...?
Well...?
What happened?
I couldn't get any
money for the medicine.
I'm sorry, Ruth.
I've failed my sons.
[Crying continues]
I failed David and James.
[Thunder crashes]
Rumplestiltskin: David and James...
Such strong names,
but yet...
such weak lungs.
And good medicine is
so expensive nowadays.
Perhaps... I can help.
We have nothing to give you for that.
[Baby coughs]
Do your boys like bedtime stories?
All right, here's one.
Once upon a time, there
was a king named George.
He had great riches, but no son.
And then there was a
farmer named Robert...
poor as dirt... yet he had two sons.
Can you guess how this story ends?
Get out!
Our sons are not for sale.
Then, they won't survive
the winter, dearie.
Look, you can either
have one healthy son...
[Thunder crashes]
or two dead ones.
There's no other way.
We have to do this, Ruth.
[Babies cooing]
Wise choice.
All we have to do now is decide
which son goes to the king.
An impossible decision, I know,
so let's make it simple.
Heads, I take David.
Tails, I'll take James.
[Thunder crashes]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Tails!
Prince James it is!
[Giggles]
Your father loves you so much.
Oh, my son.
Careful with your words.
This deal must stay a secret,
which means this boy...
is no longer your son.
[Gasps, crying]
[Baby crying]
I want to say something.
Emma, I am so proud of you
for what you did tonight.
[Sighs] Defeating
Gideon reminds us that,
with a little bit of hope,
nothing can tear this family apart.
I'd like to make a toast...
to family.
- To family.
[Glasses clink]
Thanks, Dad.
It's good to be home.
Are you okay?
I wish the entire family was here.
I know.
We're gonna break this curse.
I got my future back, and
now you and Mom will, too.
Right. Of course.
[Whooshing]
Man: [Whispering] David...
[Sighs]
[Gasps]
Father?
[Door opens]
David, hey!
David! You okay?!
I'm fine, I'm fine!
You don't look fine.
It's time for you to tag out.
Wake up Snow and get some bloody sleep.
I said I'm fine!
And If I wanted advice,
I doubt I'd take it from a pirate.
Just trying to help.
[Door opens]
[Door closes]
[Alarm beeping]
You're up.
Hard to sleep when that demon box
keeps screaming at me.
Oh.
That's called an alarm clock.
- Sorry.
- [Beeping stops]
Anyway... I, um...
brought you some clean clothes.
Thank you.
Okay, then.
Um...
I'll let you change.
Regina, what were you thinking?
How could you bring him here?
You weren't there.
He was miserable in his world, and...
he wanted a fresh start, and
I'm just trying to help him.
But you don't know who he is.
Looking like Robin Hood doesn't
make him the same person.
Trust me, I once kissed David's twin.
World of difference.
We've barely even talked.
Well, there's some things
you should probably tell him.
Like, for example... he has a daughter.
It's not  his daughter.
Exactly my point...
they're different people.
But there could be a
part of him in there.
He was able to cross
into the real world.
That... that has to mean something.
Regina, I want this to work out for you.
You deserve this.
I'm worried.
Yeah.
Me too.
Archie: Well, this is a surprise.
What brings you here, Captain?
It's about David, actually.
Hmm.
I'm worried that he still sees me as...
what I used to be.
A pirate.
Well, I mean, technically,
I am still a pirate,
but, you know... the good kind.
And yet, sometimes...
I think he wants better for Emma.
Mm.
That sounds complicated.
Yep.
Well...[sighs]
it's about to get a
lot more complicated.
Oh! [Laughs]
I-I see.
Why, that's, uh...
That's very good news, indeed.
I can't wait to give this to Emma...
but I need her father's blessing.
I'm just trying to figure
out how to ask him
and when.
[Chuckles]
Captain Hook buying a ring.
[Sighs]
I mean, that alone shows progress.
- Look, Killian...
- [Sighs]
You're listening to your conscience now,
and everyone sees that.
I don't think David does.
But I mean, if this is the only thing
that's standing between you and Emma...
then don't wait.
I mean, life is too precious.
And if you want to know
what David thinks of you...
just ask him.
[Sighs]
[Cellphone beeps]
Snow:  Hey, David.
I hope you had a restful sleep.
This gets harder
every day, doesn't it?
I miss you...
and I love you so much.
Yeah, me too.
[Whooshing]
Family...
is...
everything.
Why are you here?
You've forgotten your father.
You were barely my father.
You were a drunk who died
when I was 6 years old!
I owe you nothing!
You don't truly believe that.
Is this... is this why you're here?
Huh?
I've spent my whole life
trying to forget you.
Tell me what you want!
The truth.
[Indistinct conversations]
You should be spending
that on your family.
How old is your boy now?
David?
6.
He's a good lad.
He deserves better than me.
Give me a drink.
All of you cretins on your feet!
- [Conversations stop]
- Show respect for King George!
King George: I know
what you're thinking...
"What is a neighboring king doing here
in this... filthy tavern?"
You see, my only son,
Prince James,
has been abducted.
Anyone who provides me with information
will be rewarded.
Anyone who withholds such information...
will pay dearly.
Ruth: Are you mad?
James is our son,
He's in trouble... and
I need to rescue him.
Do you think that he's going
to want to come back here?
To a dying farm and... a drunken father?
I don't know.
But I have to try.
I have to be better for the boy.
I...
I have to stop.
I swear to you, Ruth,
fixing this broken family...
[voice breaking] this is
how I finally fix myself.
[Sniffles]
Hey, there, little man.
Where are you going, Father?
Uh... I'm going on another supply run.
And when you get back,
are you really going to be better?
Yes.
I will be better.
I'll never touch another drop.
And in two weeks, I'll
be home, myself again.
Will you take my lucky
coin, to keep you safe?
Thank you, David.
I think I could use a little luck.
[Knock on door]
David, uh, sorry to come by so early.
Um, it's just, there's something I...
Hook!
Glad you're here.
I need your help.
Tell me if you see anything...
any connections, patterns.
This is what we talked about, mate.
This is exactly why
the Evil Queen gave you
that blasted coin.
Look, I tried to fight
it, but something...
something happened.
I saw my father's ghost.
You entirely sure about that?
Yes, I'm sure.
And don't tell me I need more sleep.
I've had plenty, and I
still saw him right there,
staring at me.
I'd given up on him, Hook.
What kind of son does that?
A son with a family of his own.
I can't abandon one family for another.
My father was a weak man, but
he's still  my father...
and he deserves justice.
Now...
will you help me?
Perhaps Emma would be
better-suited to help.
She's sheriff, after all, and Savior,
and she has... you know, magic.
No, no, don't call Emma.
I don't want to worry her or Snow.
What I might have to do,
they wouldn't approve of.
But you think I would?
You're a pirate, and
a pirate's what I need.
Come on... You gave me an idea.
[Door opens]
So, everybody in this book
lives here, in Storybrooke?
Most of them.
I-I don't see any
tales of you and Robin.
That must be... quite the story.
It is.
Perhaps you'd care to
share it with me sometime.
[Doorbell rings]
Sorry. Um...
Don't go anywhere.
I'll be right back.
So, when were you
planning on telling me?
Where the bloody hell is he?!
Zelena!
You can't see him yet.
Why? Because he's scheming
to take back baby Robin?
That's not gonna happen.
Trust me. That's not the problem.
You haven't told him he's
got a child, have you?
Well, I am going to tell him.
It's... difficult.
Actually, it's quite easy.
You tell him that he has
no rights to his daughter...
none.
And if he comes anywhere near her,
I will make him bleed!
Go home, Zelena.
[Chuckles]
Ta-ta.
Robin, there's something I need to...
Robin?
Nottingham?
Oh, no.
[Gasps]
Well, fancy that.
The Sheriff of Nottingham.
Oh. Now wait. Look,
I heard you were back.
Look, I'm not that man here.
Nobody calls me that in Storybrooke.
I'm not from Storybrooke.
You know, I could've
killed you with that arrow.
But after all you did to me,
I wanted this to be more personal.
Stop!
Regina, leave, now!
Don't do this. This isn't you.
No, you mean, this isn't him.
This isn't  your Robin, but me?
I've wanted to do this for years.
What the hell did you do?
I sent him somewhere else
before you did something you'd regret.
Who says I'd regret it?
Well, trust me... someday, you would.
[Scoffs]
Here, let me see your hand.
[Sighs]
I know someplace where
we can fix this up, but...
but I need you to promise
that you'll stop running away
and trying to kill people.
All right.
Lead the way.
You're sure Emma's gone?
Well, she's taken Henry
on a canoeing trip.
She's gone all day. Why are we here?
Like you said... Emma
has magic, we don't.
Hang on. What is this?
Emma's trying to break the curse, right?
Regina just gave her
a whole box of potions.
Yes, smells quite
pungently of newt in there.
So we borrow a few
ingredients and a spell book,
and we learn what happened to my father.
Wait. Stop.
You trying to cast a spell?
Look, if you're too
afraid, forget about it.
I'll do it myself.
I'm not afraid. I'm concerned.
You really have no qualms
about stealing from your own daughter?
What is with you today?
You spend your whole
life a thieving pirate,
and the one time I
need you to be that guy,
you get cold feet.
Perhaps I'm trying not
to be that guy anymore.
Come on, buddy.
It's just me here.
Now, I need a key to the shed
and a lookout.
There. That wasn't so hard.
Now you keep watch.
Six years ago, you took my son.
And now I need your help.
Well, I'm sorry... a deal's a deal.
Can't give you back the boy.
I'm not asking for that.
But James... he's missing.
I want you to help me find him.
Ah.
And what would you offer me
for this little feat of magic?
I have nothing to offer.
Not much of a negotiator, are you?
You owe me.
So...
you finally grew a spine.
I think I finally became a father.
I'd do anything to see my boy...
and tell him I'm...
I'm sorry.
You know, I don't have
time for maudlin stories.
And everything has a price.
Although I-I could be persuaded
to help you in exchange for,
uh... one hair off your head.
Small things can have great power.
Fine.
It's yours.
[Giggles]
Curious.
The boy wasn't abducted at all.
He ran away.
But where he went to...
you don't want to follow.
Why?
Where is he?
In a land built from temptation.
And I have an extra ticket in.
Unh, hair first.
[Giggles]
Our second deal is now complete.
Thank you.
Mm.
"Small things can hold great power."
[Giggles]
Someday...
may we all be reunited with our sons.
[Engine shuts off]
[Car door shuts]
Emma's here. Hurry up.
Hey, love, what happened
to the canoe trip?
Oh, Henry.
I love him, but he
forgot the life jackets,
and you're the one always
going on about boat safety.
[Sighs] I can't let you in there.
[Laughing] Why not?
Because I just really desperately need
- to kiss you right now.
- [Laughing] Hang on!
You're forgetting something.
What's that?
My superpower... I
know when you're lying.
What are you hiding from me?
The truth is, um...
I'm a bit out of sorts...
- because of Archie.
- Archie?
Y-Yeah, I paid the Cricket a visit
because I needed to talk to him about...
about you.
Oh.
I thought you were gonna die.
And that does something to a man.
It changes the way he
thinks about things...
about us...
And he reminded me how important it was
to share my feelings.
And I didn't want to let you in the shed
without sharing them, so...
feelings shared.
Well, I like feelings once in a while.
[Sighs deeply]
Now, why was I here?
Life jackets.
Right.
Come on. Good work.
- Didn't feel good.
- Well, it was.
Now let's find out
who murdered my father.
Robin: My hand's really not that bad.
Regina: I didn't bring
you here for that.
We need to talk.
Were you really going
to kill Nottingham?
Wait, you're not judging
me for that, are you?
You told me it was your
curse that created this place.
I mean... bloody hell, look around.
I mean, wh-what's in these?
Uh...
The hearts of my enemies, but, I...
Oh. And this?
This looks nasty enough.
Oh, no, don't touch it!
It's... powerful.
[Sighs]
Yes, I know... I sound like a hypocrite.
But I have changed.
Which is why I have
to tell you something.
[Sighs]
The other Robin, he had a child.
Well, two, actually,
but only one is here...
an infant daughter.
But, I mean, she's not
yours. Not... Not really.
Does the mother know that?
Who even is the mother?
You?
My sister.
[Sighs]
It's complicated.
Apparently, everything
here is complicated.
Did you bring me here
just to drop me in the
middle of this mess?
I hoped I could be a
part of a fresh start.
Your fresh start.
And maybe one of your own, too?
Maybe. [Chuckles]
I don't know.
I think if we give ourselves a chance...
maybe your being here
could be a good thing.
Well, then...
How about I show you more of the town?
Well, according to the spell,
this should show us where the coin was
the day your father died.
Okay, it says, "turn counterclockwise."
Do you think they mean the beaker,
or do we have to turn?
It's better to be safe.
Yeah. Right.
All right.
Well, that seems right.
Careful.
If you turn us into raccoons,
driving that truck will be a challenge.
[Chuckles]
Fumes... I think we got it.
[Both sniffing]
[Gagging]
That's, um...
Right, the whole of the Enchanted Forest
at your fingertips.
Okay.
Let's find out where my father was
before he died.
It's working.
An island.
I know this isle from
many nautical charts.
It had dealings with Neverland.
I've never been myself.
What is this place?
Why would he be there?
A terrible, dark place it is.
It's called Pleasure Island.
[Circus theme plays]
[Laughter, indistinct conversations]
[Bells dinging]
No, thank you.
I'm looking for my son.
[Gasps]
Oooh!
Sweet holy...
Is this worth something?
Aye, the world, but only to me.
It's a gift from my boy, David.
Oh, let me guess.
He ran away, and you're looking for him.
Try the sugar pit.
I'm actually looking
for my other boy, James.
Have any of the boys
talked of being a prince?
[Chuckling] A prince?
Do I look like I was carved yesterday?
You don't look like a king.
He was my son before he was a prince.
Have you talked to him?
Nope. Not me.
[Gasps]
What the...
[Chuckles weakly]
What does that mean?
Nothing.
Does that mean you're lying to me?
No.
You know where my boy is.
Tell me right now.
Tell me!
James?
I've come to bring you home.
I don't want to go!
My father wants me to be a knight.
I don't want to.
- James...
- I don't want to kill things.
What if I bring you to my home?
It's green and nice there,
and... you'll have a brother
to play with and grow up with.
A brother?
Yes, James.
I'm also your father.
Come on. Let's go home.
Okay.
Thank you.
Glad I could help.
Hey, there!
Get out of here! Run!
Stop!
Go! Run!
Come on, go! Go!
Faster, go!
Yeah, this is definitely the coin,
and it was the last I saw of
him when he left with the boy.
And, honestly, I never... I
never put you with him, David.
He went after James.
I thought he was just a drunk
who fell prey to his temptations.
He was trying to fix our family.
He was stone-cold sober.
David...
a few years ago, I took some
pages out of Henry's book,
and, uh... I never put them back.
Pleasure Island is a part
of my story that I'm...
I'm not exactly proud of.
But I could look for them,
and we could see if, uh,...
there's anything more about your father.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
[Door opens]
I know who killed him.
And he's still alive,
and I know where he is.
Okay.
You don't want me to
go after him, do you?
You really have changed how
you feel about vengeance.
Yes, I have.
I didn't think you'd see it, but, yes.
I would try and stop anyone
setting out on revenge
if I could.
[Engine starts]
[Tires squealing]
[Fog horn blares]
Is that...
You found him.
You found my son.
Please, let me reward you.
No.
Pardon me?
Please... James...
H-He doesn't want to be with you.
Let him live where he'll be happy,
where he started out...
before Rumplestiltskin
took him... with me.
You're the miserable wretch who
sold his own flesh and blood.
You look older than
you should, shepherd.
A conscience must be a terrible thing.
I made a mistake, but
I'm making it right.
I have him, and I'm not giving him back.
No need for that.
The right price fixed it last time.
Don't let him take me.
No.
I didn't protect this
boy the first time,
but I'm gonna do it now.
Take him down.
No.
Guards, the reward for
finding the Prince is yours...
- if you kill this man.
- No!
And try to make it
look like an accident.
No.
Get your hands off me! Let me go!
James!
A visitor. To what
do I owe the pleasure?
You killed my father!
[Chuckles] Well, technically...
I merely ordered him killed.
I wondered if you'd work it out.
You're an evil bastard.
He didn't deserve that.
That's true.
He was a good man in the end.
I offered him temptation,
and he withstood it.
I'll bet he was
imagining your little face
when you opened the front door
and found him standing there,
sober, victorious,
with your brother in
his arms. [Chuckles]
Instead, you got news he
died a drunken failure.
[Sternly] Stop talking.
Now fight for your life...
if you think it's worth it.
[Both grunting]
What the hell?!
No.
[Panting] That bastard
admitted he killed my father!
If you take this from me,
I will never, never forgive you!
[Breathing heavily] Yes,
he killed your father.
But he also told you
about his final moments...
that he resisted temptation...
And it didn't work!
He still died.
I thought he didn't fight for us,
but he did.
[Voice breaking] He fought
with everything he had.
He did the right thing.
And it wasn't enough!
So what if... what if Gideon
comes back stronger and kills Emma?
What if I can't be with Snow ever again?
What if being "Prince
Charming" isn't enough,
and I start losing...
and it keeps going,
and I lose everything
that matters to me?!
All right.
I'll step aside.
You can kill this man if you think...
it'll make you feel stronger.
But think about your father.
He wanted to look you in the eye.
Do you want to be able to look back?
[Sobbing]
It's all right.
[Clatters]
Ahh!
Fine payment for a simple murder.
[Thunder rumbles]
There's a ravine near here,
and everyone will think he
crashed during a supply run.
Robert: They wouldn't believe it.
They'll trace it back to you two.
You think the king will defend you?
I bet they'll believe
a drunk drove his cart off the road.
I'm not drunk.
Really?
Because to me, you smell like you...
spent the night in the tavern.
[Thunder crashes]
Better not take a chance
he might survive the fall.
[Sniffles]
[Sighs]
You okay?
I think so.
[Chuckles]
I owe you an apology.
You were the noble one, not me.
And I'm sorry it cost you
more than I realized it would.
And I'm sorry I risked what
you're making with Emma.
So you think...
I'm good enough for her?
You've done the hardest
thing anyone can do.
You've changed.
And today, you saved me
from a terrible mistake,
and I...
I don't know if I'm gonna be able
to pay you back.
As luck would have it,
I might have an idea.
There's one way for you
not to lose your family...
and that's to let it grow.
[Clears throat]
David, may I have your blessing
to ask for Emma's hand in marriage?
Of course.
[Laughs]
Of course you have my blessing.
Well, now, that is a relief.
Well, I mean, it's
up to Emma, of course,
but, yes, you have my blessing.
Thank you.
I didn't realize you
were so old-fashioned.
Well, I am over 200 years old, mate.
[Chuckling] Right.
Right.
Were you really that nervous?
Why would I be nervous?
"Prince Charming" doesn't
set the bar high at all.
Well, I am overdue to wake up Snow,
but I won't tell her the
news until it's official.
I appreciate that, David.
I... I appreciate all of it.
Snow: So, you talked
to Robin? How did it go?
Did you tell him about the baby?
I did.
And, well...
we sort of fought about it, and then...
there was a kiss.
And it was nothing.
It was like kissing a photograph.
Like it isn't him. [Scoffs]
It just isn't, and... you were right.
[Sighs]
I'm sorry.
I didn't want to be right.
Well, it's not your fault.
It's mine.
I just wanted to believe.
I mean... there has to be a reason
he made it through that portal, right?
And if I'm not the reason, then what is?
The way I see it, he
made it through the portal
because he has something
it recognized as real.
Maybe it's not about
there being a reason why.
Maybe it's just who he is.
Well, he's certainly
not my Robin Hood.
So...
who is he, and what does he want?
[Clangs]
[Motorcycle approaching]
[Engine shuts off]
Hey, there.
Glad I found you.
Are you?
What are those?
I found the part of my
story I took out of the book.
There's nothing in here I
didn't already tell you, but...
I figured David might like
to have it for himself.
Great. I'll pass them along.
[Engine starts]
Time to die... drunk.
[Groans]
Man: Captain, he's getting away!
What've we got here, then?
A pale wee man, hmm?
Surrounded by the king's gold.
The winds of fortune
are flying today, lads.
For both of us.
Thank you... for saving my life.
Saving your life?
Why would I go and do a
foolish thing like that?
You saw me kill the king's men.
No, you don't have to worry about me.
I have no love for the king.
Please, cut me loose.
I'll never say a word.
I swear... on my son's life.
I just want to get home to my family.
That is a heartfelt plea, indeed.
And you know, I actually
think I might believe that.
But...
dead men tell no tales.
[Groans]
Pack up the rest.
And when you're done,
find somewhere to hide this cart...
and this poor departed soul.
[Thunder rumbles]
Emma: Hey.
There you are.
We just got back.
I missed you.
I'm making my specialty...
microwave popcorn
with Milk Duds mixed
in to get all melty.
[Sighing] Sounds wonderful.
[Chuckles]
Um...
I'll be in in just a minute.
Okay.
Synced and corrected by Octavia
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org